ET-619 - IE11 fixes (#1540)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [4.11.2] TBD =

* Fix - Allow adding ticket header image on non-event posts. [ETP-54]
* Fix - Close opening `<div>` in `blocks/attendees.php`. [ET-589]
* Fix - Correct logic so selling out of one RSVP doesn't prevent "purchasing" another. [ETP-603]
* Fix - Disable ticket block when password protected is enabled on posts and pages. [ETP-59]
* Fix - Display WooCommerce price taxation suffix, if applicable. [ETP-33]
* Fix - Ensure that attendee images display horizontally in the frontend for Twenty Nineteen and Twenty Twenty themes. [ET-590]
* Fix - Ensure we update the correct event meta for global stock on ticket creation. [ET-614]

> * Fix - JavaScript updated to remove IE11 console errors. [ETP-34]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - JavaScript updated to remove IE11 console errors. [ET-619]
```

* Fix - Load JavaScript assets with Ticket Block when using Classic Editor. [ET-587]
* Fix - Override checkout link in WooCommerce Mini-Cart widget so it uses the custom page for attendee registration if it is setup. [ETP-41]
* Fix - Price formatting method now correctly prevents incorrect display when a comma is used as the decimal separator. [ETP-53]
* Fix - Remove inaccurate display of "You don't have tickets for this event" notice at single event page's list of current user's RSVPs and/or Tickets. [ETP-50]
* Fix - The Events Calendar's List View "RSVP Now!" button again displays for Events having only RSVP tickets and has the correct anchor link. [ETP-51]

> * Fix - Tickets Block quantity +/- buttons set to 'button' type to avoid submitting Add to Cart form in IE11 or when js is disabled. [ETP-34]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Tickets Block quantity +/- buttons set to 'button' type to avoid submitting Add to Cart form in IE11 or when js is disabled. [ET-619]
```
